Add oauth authorize endpoint implementation with error handling (#11)
alphagov/di-ipv-stubs: README.md

On completion of the user journey the Orchestrator Stub receives an authorisation code which it will exchange for an access token and in turn use to access the protected resource in the IPV system. Finally the Orchestrator Stub will display the contents of the protected resource.

## Credential Issuer Stub
`di-ipv-credential-issuer-stub` [/di-ipv-credential-issuer-stub](/di-ipv-credential-issuer-stub)

> The Credential issuer stub allows the user to start an Oauth flow in order to access the credential issuers protected resource.

Reviewer: This isn't really the stub's primary mission. 
```suggestion
The Credential Issuer Stub can be used as an endpoint for testing Credential Issuer OAuth flows from the core IPV system. It provides an '/authorize' user endpoint, token exchange and access to a protected resource.
```

Author: Sounds good, I'll make this change this morning.
